added the documentation for app context. (#48)
denniskigen/o3-docs: pages/docs/recipes/store-values.en-US.mdx

Updating the store using `set()` will update all variables subscribed to the store, including (like in the example) `user`.

#### App context

> Provided by `@openmrs/esm-framework` it`s another way to store data in O3. If you are familiar with [React's context](https://react.dev/reference/react/useContext#reference) it works similarly in the same way. All you
> need is to create a global context in some higher level component and access it somewhere in any of its children.
> The `useDefineAppContext` hook takes in the name of your context and its initial values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provided by `@openmrs/esm-framework` it's another way to store data in O3. If you are familiar with [React's context](https://react.dev/reference/react/useContext#reference), it works similarly. Unlike React's Context, App Context works
across React subtrees, and thus can work in extensions and workspaces. All you need is to create a global context in
some higher level component and access it somewhere in any of its children. The `useDefineAppContext` hook takes in
the name of your context and its initial values.
```

Author: Thanks @chibongho I like the suggestion 👍 .

Updating the store using `set()` will update all variables subscribed to the store, including (like in the example) `user`.

#### App context

> Provided by `@openmrs/esm-framework` it's another way to store data in O3. If you are familiar with [React's context](https://react.dev/reference/react/useContext#reference), it works similarly. Unlike React's Context, App Context works
> across React subtrees, and thus can work in extensions and workspaces. All you need is to create a global context in
> some higher level component and access it somewhere in any of its children. The `useDefineAppContext` hook takes in
> the name of your context and its initial values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[App Context](https://github.com/openmrs/openmrs-esm-core/pull/976) is an application-wide context that can be used to store data that is shared across different parts of the application. To leverage it, you need to define a context with a name and initial values, and then access it somewhere in any of its children. The framework provides two hooks to make it easier:

- [useDefineAppContext](https://github.com/openmrs/openmrs-esm-core/blob/main/packages/framework/esm-react-utils/src/useDefineAppContext.ts) for defining the context.
- [useAppContext](https://github.com/openmrs/openmrs-esm-core/blob/main/packages/framework/esm-react-utils/src/useAppContext.ts) for accessing the context.
```

> #### Definition
> 
> ```ts
> const [dateRange, setDateRange] = useState<Date[]>([
>   dayjs().startOf("day").toDate(),
>   new Date(),
> ]);
> useDefineAppContext<DateFilterContext>("laboratory-date-filter", {
>   dateRange,
>   setDateRange,
> });
> ```
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### Defining a context

```tsx
const [dateRange, setDateRange] = useState<Date[]>([
  dayjs().startOf("day").toDate(),
  new Date(),
]);
useDefineAppContext<DateFilterContext>("laboratory-date-filter", {
  dateRange,
  setDateRange,
});
```

```

> #### Usage
> 
> ```ts
> const { dateRange, setDateRange } = useAppContext<DateFilterContext>(
>   "laboratory-date-filter"
> ) ?? {
>   dateRange: "fallback-date-range",
>   setDateRange: "fallback setter function",
> };
> ```
> 
> the fallback object after the `nullish coalescing` check is for providing a fallback value when the app context is undefined.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### Accessing the context

```tsx
const { dateRange, setDateRange } = useAppContext<DateFilterContext>(
  "laboratory-date-filter"
) ?? {
  // Fallback values used when the app context is undefined
  dateRange: "fallback-date-range",
  setDateRange: "fallback setter function",
};
```

```

#### App context

> [App Context](https://github.com/openmrs/openmrs-esm-core/pull/976) is a mechanism for sharing state across different parts of the application, specifically designed for cross-component communication within the currently active application. Unlike global stores which persist between component renders, App Context is tied to the lifecycle of specific components.

Reviewer 2: @ibacher do these edits bring out that distinction to some degree?
